Hair which looks like this.
Used to look like this only a year ago.
So let me show you my hair well in routine
which helped me achieve it.
First thing I am gonna do is just literally brush my hair.
This is the Flexi Flow.
The bristles move independently
which means it's super gentle, doesn't pull up my hair
and just literally gets rid of any knots in like a second.
Next, I take my nature spell applicator,
take off the lid and I grab my oils of choice.
For me, my all time favourites have to be rosemary
and botanite oil together.
Now, rosemary oil has been viral for tonight,
like over a year now I'd say
because it is gonna help you achieve Rapunzel hair.
It's basically what I'm gonna say.
This applicator, by the way, has got little indentations.
I go up to the one ounce mark.
So half of this and half of the other oil.
And then botanite oil is super rich
in antioxidants and fatty acids.
So this is great if you're trying to improve hair elasticity.
So if you've got really brittle hair
which snaps at a certain point,
start incorporating this and yeah,
that's how you will see a big change.
So this little applicator, at the end of the comb
has tiny holes at the bristles
which means it evenly dispests product for your scalp,
literally doing the hard work for you.
So let's get straight into it.
Once your hair is brushed, I start,
I do either side of the scalp first.
You literally take the product,
as you can see it slowly comes through the combs,
gently squeeze and run backwards like this for your hair.
Sorry, mess free, takes a couple of seconds
and is evenly dispersing all of that oil.
And even that feels really good.
And make sure when you are doing your hair oiling,
you are gently squeezing and going all the way down
the back like towards your neck.
And then flip your hair over the other side
and do the underneath.
Let me try and show you as well.
With the little residue,
just run it through the mid and ends of your hair.
Start massaging this in your scalp.
And I do this scalp massage for about 10 minutes.
This is really gonna help simulate the hair,
follicles and encourage Rapunzel, baby.
And no, this doesn't hurt, it feels really nice.
And then after you scalp massaging,
I'm going back in with my flexi-fly.
I wouldn't recommend doing this with any other hair brush.
It's just because this has got a specific design
that is not gonna cause damage of my hair.
But basically, I'm gonna brush my hair
and put it in like a loose pony,
just to let this oil settle for a good few hours.
And then like I say,
I'm just gonna leave this in my hair for a few hours
before washing out.
My tips for when washing it out,
the best thing to do is use
the salt-free growth shampoo and conditioner range,
because I feel like it just makes my hair
feel squeaky, squeaky clean without stripping it at all.
And like I said, you can actually put shampoo in this
so that when you press this button,
it gets versus through this hole.
So while you're in the shower,
you can still use this to scrub your head,
and it's just gonna really help
with getting rid of any residue.
And then yeah, just make sure you're shampooing
twice, three times if you're up to your knee too,
and conditioner is normal.
And that is it, I do this twice a week.
And yeah, my hair has never looked no felt better.
Thanks for joining me while I did my hair,
we're well in, and make sure you start doing it.
So...
